inst/JOSS/paper.md, before:

---
title: 'bittrex: An R client for the Bittrex Crypto-Currency Exchange'
tags:
  - finance
  - crypto-currency
  - open exchanges
authors:
 - name: Michael Kane
   orcid: 0000-0003-1899-6662
   affiliation: 1
affiliations:
 - name: Yale University
   index: 1
date: 11 July 2017
bibliography: paper.bib
---

# Summary

Package ```bittrex``` [@bittrex] is a RESTful R [@R] client for the
Bittrex crypto-currency exchange [@bittrex_site]. The package provides 
functions for all endpoints supported by the exchange including the
ability to retrieve price, volume, and order book information as well as
the ability to trade crypto-currencies.

Calls to the exchange are categorized as either public, which includes
requests for price, volume, and order book information, and private,
which includes all requests requiring an account including placing buy
or sell orders. Public calls can be used directly by installing the
package. Private calls require that you [create an
account](https://https://bittrex.com/account/Register) and create an API 
and secret key with appropriate permissions.

Private calls retrieve the API and secret key using the BITTREX\_API\_KEY
and BITTREX\_SECRET\_KEY environment variables. These may be set by the
user before opening the R session or, they can be set using the
'bittrex\_authenticate' function.

# References

Commit message:

paper.md now exaplains how it's being used in research.

inst/JOSS/paper.md, after:

---
title: 'bittrex: An R client for the Bittrex Crypto-Currency Exchange'
tags:
  - finance
  - crypto-currency
  - open exchanges
authors:
 - name: Michael Kane
   orcid: 0000-0003-1899-6662
   affiliation: 1
affiliations:
 - name: Yale University
   index: 1
date: 11 July 2017
bibliography: paper.bib
---

# Summary

Package ```bittrex``` [@bittrex] is a RESTful R [@R] client for the
Bittrex crypto-currency exchange [@bittrex_site]. The package provides 
functions for all endpoints supported by the exchange including the
ability to retrieve price, volume, and order book information as well as
the ability to trade crypto-currencies.

Calls to the exchange are categorized as either public, which includes
requests for price, volume, and order book information, and private,
which includes all requests requiring an account including placing buy
or sell orders. Public calls can be used directly by installing the
package. Private calls require that you [create an
account](https://https://bittrex.com/account/Register) and create an API 
and secret key with appropriate permissions.

Private calls retrieve the API and secret key using the BITTREX\_API\_KEY
and BITTREX\_SECRET\_KEY environment variables. These may be set by the
user before opening the R session or, they can be set using the
'bittrex\_authenticate' function.

While this package can be used to trade currencies, its primary goal is to 
allow finance and economics researchers 
to gather exchange data, including transaction prices,
orderbooks, and volumes for individual crypto-currencies. A few research
avenues currently being explored include:
- Comparisons between semi-regulated markets (bittrex) to traditional, regulated markets.
- Microfinancing for start-ups using initial coin offerings.
- Quantifying the value of non-traditional products and services.
- Systemic risk of multiple crypto-currencies on the same block chain.
- Crypto-coins as a proxy for sports betting where sports betting is illegal.


# References
